but two if you like these videos give
them a thumbs up let me know what you
like if you fucking hate this video give
it a fucking thumbs down I don't want
you to leave any of my videos without a
thumbs up or a thumbs down if you
fucking hate it thumb it down if you
fucking love it thumb it up let me know
what videos you want to see so I can
keep adjusting and calibrating to my
audience oh we have a video here how do
I prevent ITB issues ITB alright so
that's the little thing that runs on
your bum little iliotibial band runs
over here into your knee and often you
get pain just about here you get pain
just about here and you're pedaling
along and you just that's just
unbearable so if you're getting pain
around here or anywhere on your knee
give something tips give some tips
ITB I suffered of this a lot and the
actually what so tell most I tell story
probable seat back in 1998 I was a
bicycle courier just everyday ride to
and from town 100 KS day around the city
to let him make a case eventually I did
no stretching as I say no stretching is
for fucking weaklings made just get up a
fucking ride right eat sleep stretch
back that so eventually my whole
inference is getting tighter and tighter
and tighter no it's no release no
stretching and I was riding on one day
and the pain was so great the pain built
up over a few weeks most ignored it you
know and just got so great I couldn't
actually I had to pedal with one leg
back to the base that so I'm done that's
how booked into a sports med which is
called Porsche med because how many
people drive Porsches it Mase Oh max
turn over and we're winning they've got
the booking done and I put them into an
orthopedic surgeon well I just got a
sore knee no so one in the end is
orthopedic surgeon guy and he's like um
sort of like touch my knee for like
maybe 20 seconds yeah we'll book you in
for a arthroscopy and he turns his back
and he's looking for his Booker's what
so what's a good day for you mate and I
said I Frost could be what's that here's
all we cut you open and Cameron just
talking and clean up and just you know
do some things and like surgery is here
surgery what they works for you no no no
no dude like I just got I'm sort of sore
knee you know like I said this is my
exact words he's won the bet the best
orthopedic surgeons around you know I
said if
in mind if you were me what would you do
it and you guys hmm I'll probably go
downstairs and see Susan Everett that
the physio they made to get some
stretches or something and well I'm
gonna go to go and do that I had to ask
it's and then so when I went out into
the waiting room reception she was get
$150 or whatever it was said I'm not
playing that I'm not paying that and
just walked out and that was it
I sent me a letter Oh mr. Johnston
you're on and said I'll write back
that's fuckin bullshit ain't pain and I
never heard from again
went downstairs sources never told her
what the dude upstairs said Jesus like
just like wrong and I was like I can't
fucking believe he said that and then
she goes she just starts poking legs oh
my god
and she's all you don't happens Chechnya
said no no she goes all right lay on the
ground wish to show you some stretches
she also gave me a cord got me a
cortisone shot which isn't really good
idea cortisone is very popular in
cycling and running cortisone injections
because it strips a fat off you leans
your right out it's like a bit of a
stimulant and you don't feel pain as
much so cortisone is a totally legal
drug it's so prevalent in cycling
running swimming it is incredible drug
cortisone cortisone injections are like
insane but again that can be bad for
cartons bad for your body in general
they can fuck up your endogenous
cortisone levels so the cortisone is so
popular in weight loss it's incredible
but it's fucking bad so it's like it's
like a credit card you get your results
now but you're gonna be paying later
look at y'all right now so we have ITB
issues there what to do about it make
sure and it has my TP now no worries
because I stretch I look after myself
I'm actual with your clicks on your bike
if you if you stand you basically want
to look at yourself standing if you
stand with your heels out like that well
you just relax them City clicks up like
that but if you stand naturally the
heels in like I do like most people do
you want to be pedaling with your heels
in its be hard to show you but you want
to depend on with your heels in versus
out have a look have a look at your
setup just just sort of look at the
ceiling some of its and then you sort of
line up down at your feet and you go
okay
my heels are in that's how your cycling
shoes want to be in don't want to be in
one of the heels in so you're just your
cleats
so the hills in you here wants to be
almost but brushing your crank really if
you have tight ITB have a look at your
setup check it out and then get a liquid
paper pendant market around I will give
another tip would be the roller there's
a little stick so you can just use a
piece you don't need a fancy little
plastic thing for 190 bucks you can use
a end of a broom stick and just roll
i'll show you show you what i mean its
roll roll back roll it out you have to
hurt the muscle to help the muscle but
just roll out i've got my legs most
nights self massage is good another good
stretch is quad stretch just look it up
i what new list down below of homework
what you need to do is this is a simple
shits there's like 30 seconds a day no
more item issues if you do have ICD pain
right now I would say have some time off
don't train on it do not train and saw I
see big you can be cortisone he can do
any inflammatories I think you still
trained but you can be transferring pain
and you gonna do self some more damage
so I would recommend no drugs no
training just do something else do some
bench press or whatever just just to
have a break have a break and get you
set up sorted out and always when you
get a bike setup done mark your seat
height mark you see a higher so that's
why I left my item issues I don't have
it anymore I've done you know I can do
six and a half thousand kilometers in a
week with no pain at all who knew mm I
convened a 248 marathon with ten miles
of weight training with not to be issues
because I stretch a little you know 30
seconds a day roll it out mindful of
where my cleats oh and where my feet sit
and things like that and and also don't
wear any fashion Footwear I don't wear
any fashion for where all my footwear is
a cycling shoe or my runners you know I
don't have any fashion Footwear that I
couldn't run a marathon in so get rid of
you in your fashion Footwear stretch or
put down description text what I would
recommend ITB it's a very common injury
probably the most common injury people
get once their fitness level goes up
once your fitness level starts going up
ITB
probably number one injury but it's very
easily prevented very easily cured or
post down below thanks for watching
leave your comments or questions down
below
RTB issues
[Music]